README.md, before:

# Python-Challenge

## PyBank

Had to make some adjustments in calculating the average profit/loss.  In initializing the variable, it needed to be set to the initial profit/loss value in the file so that the initial change in either direction would not skew the average as if it was starting from $0.

I preferred to break out the screen printing and write-file procedures to make for easier troubleshooting and knowing that I could replicate the logic down once the output file was initialized.

## PyPoll

Created a defined function to check whether a candidate was already being tracked in the candidate list[] data structure.  This function returned a boolean value and simplified the loop through the voting rows.  It also helped prevent trying to retrieve a .index() value for a candidate that didn't exist and would cause the script to error.

I preferred to break out the screen printing and write-file procedures to make for easier troubleshooting and knowing that I could replicate the logic down once the output file was initialized.

Commit message:

images folder of screenshot showing large file size and linking used file

README.md, after:

# Python-Challenge

## PyBank

Had to make some adjustments in calculating the average profit/loss.  In initializing the variable, it needed to be set to the initial profit/loss value in the file so that the initial change in either direction would not skew the average as if it was starting from $0.

I preferred to break out the screen printing and write-file procedures to make for easier troubleshooting and knowing that I could replicate the logic down once the output file was initialized.

## PyPoll
Resources file was too large to upload the voting.csv file as instructed.  Using a modified/truncated file would alter the vote counts and could alter the "winner" designation.

["images/election_data_csv_filesize.JPG"]

The following file was used to create the screen and file outputs:

[Resources\election_data.csv](https://oregon.bootcampcontent.com/Oregon_Coding_Bootcamp/uofo-por-data-pt-12-2020-u-c/-/blob/master/02-Homework/03-Python/PyPoll/Resources/election_data.csv "election_data")

Created a defined function to check whether a candidate was already being tracked in the candidate list[] data structure.  This function returned a boolean value and simplified the loop through the voting rows.  It also helped prevent trying to retrieve a .index() value for a candidate that didn't exist and would cause the script to error.

I preferred to break out the screen printing and write-file procedures to make for easier troubleshooting and knowing that I could replicate the logic down once the output file was initialized.
